= skeleti

Skeleti is is a generator for Titanium Mobile. It is not a framework but just a skeleton app generator and VCE (View Controller Events) generator.

== HOW TO

You can generate MVCE skeleton app or add a VCE

1. cd in your new Titanium Mobile project
2. To generate app skeleton, at prompt, type:
	ti new      (or 'skeleti new')
3. to generate another VCE: 
	ti g my_controller		(where 'my_controller' is a new VCE you want to generate)

Usage note: you can use either 'ti' or 'skeleti' at prompt.

== WHAT IT GENERATES

ti.new generates those directories and files:
	
	app/controller/
		application_controller.js (which includes the application view and event files)
	app/event/
		application_events.js
	app/helper/
		general_includes.js (put all your file includes that MUST be all around your app)
	app/model/	(you should put something that could be called model. That could be API interface library or something else. Something that manage data)
	app/view/
		application_view.js (you should put window and tab definition here)
	config/
		application.js	(global config should go here)
	
	From now on, you do nothing in app.js but instead in the application_*.js.
	
	
	
ti g my_vce

	app/controller/my_vce_controller.js  (which includes the two files below)
		Business logic for "my_vce" shoud go here
	app/event/my_vce_events.js
		events for window "my_vce"
	app/view/my_vce_view.js
		UI management is here, no events, no logic, only UI.
	

== Contributing to skeleti
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jean-Philippe Boily. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

